We've been trying to get an accessory dwelling unit built in the backyard. Here is the timeline thus far:

* Weeks 0-3: Interview & choose architect
* Week 4-5: Agree on terms with architect. Design process begins!
* Week 6: Before we can design we need to take a survey of the property. Send proposals to surveyor(s). 
* Week 7-8: It takes 2 weeks to get proposals from surveyors.
* Week 9: Surveyor's was supposed to show up but his car broke down. Re-schedule.
* Week 10-14: Surveyor measures property but is backlogged on work. Returns survey results about 4 weeks after site visit.
* Week 15-19: Architect draws up plans for remodel + ADU. Feedback on plans
* Week 20: Agree on ADU plan
* Week 21: Search for structural engineer to design the building
* Week 22-24: Structural engineer goes on vacation for 2 weeks.
* Week 25-30: Structural engineer does his magic
* Week 31: (April) Submit permit application to city!
* Weeks 32+: Talking with various contractors.
* Week 46: (July 9, 14 weeks since submitted) Still waiting on permit approval from city.

General Contractor #1 (BP)
====
* April 20: request estimate
* April 27: received esitmate $125,750 not including sewer or kitchen/bath fixtures. 12 week construction time?
* May 3: on-site visit to confirm estimated price.

General Contractor #2 (GH)
====
* April 27: Start conversation, on-site #1 to get lay of land.
* May 4: on-site #2 to get blueprints
* June 14: on-site #3 to provide estimate $165,000 not including windows or interior kitchen/bath.

General Contractor #3 (SK)
====
* June 12: requested estimate from GC #3
* June 21: no estimate, sent reminder.
* July 9: no estimate, sent reminder.

General Contractor #4 (AS)
====
* July 8: start conversation

Sub-contractor: Hydronic radiant in-floor heating
====
* $18,000 for boilers and associated plumbing and installation.

vendor: kitchen cabinets
====
* $3,000 for kitchen base cabinets. No price yet for counter tops, sink, appliances.


vendor: bathroom
====
* nothing in stone yet. Went to East Star building supply in April
* $1,000 vanity
* probably $4/sq ft for bath and shower wall and floor tiles
